Lucy jumping up and down.
The dog chasing the cat.
The baby giggling with delight.
Mommy baking a yummy cake.
Grandma reading a story aloud.
Daddy fixing the broken bike.
The little girl painting a picture.
The boys running around in the park.
Everyone laughing and having fun.
Lucy running around the playground.
Sam eating a yummy ice cream cone.
Emily giggling with her friends.
Tom jumping over the puddles.
Sally coloring a beautiful picture.
George singing a silly song.
Lisa building a sandcastle.
Olivia riding her bike around the block.
Nick playing hide and seek with his dog.
Mary picked a big red apple.
I'm jumping in the puddles.
Let's go for a picnic.
Joey is making a sandcastle.
The kitty is so cute.
The sky is so blue.
We are going on a bear hunt.
It's a beautiful day outside.
Alice picking flowers in the garden.
The cat chasing a mouse around the house.
The little girl swimming in the pool.
Daddy making pancakes for breakfast.
Mommy reading a story to the children.
Grandma baking a cake for the party.
The baby laughing at the clown.
The dog chasing a squirrel up a tree.
Sally building a tall tower with her blocks.
Timmy exploring the garden with his magnifying glass.
Alex painting a colorful picture.
Lucy writing a story about her teddy bear.
Jake playing hide-and-seek with his friends.
Molly skipping rope in the backyard.
Harry riding his bike around the neighborhood.
Emily blowing bubbles in the park.
George singing a song he made up.
Olivia making a paper airplane and watching it fly.
The puppy chased the butterfly.
The girl twirled in her pretty dress.
The boy laughed as he built a sandcastle.
The cat purred as it curled up in a sunny spot.
The fish swam in circles in the pond.
The bird sang a sweet melody.
The sun is shining brightly.
The dog is chasing a butterfly.
Mommy is baking a delicious cake.
The birds are singing a beautiful song.
Daddy is reading a funny story.
The little girl is skipping down the street.
Grandma is knitting a colorful scarf.
The puppy is playing with his chew toy.
The kids are playing tag in the park.
I am eating a yummy ice cream cone.